JUDY WOODRUFF: It's the latest
revelation in the story that's
consumed much of the Trump
presidency so far: the Russian
meddling in the 2016 election.
And this time, it involves
the president's son.
John Yang begins our coverage.
JOHN YANG: White House officials
said today that Donald Trump
Jr.'s meeting last summer
with a Kremlin-connected
Russian lawyer was
just business as usual.
President Trump's
counselor Kellyanne Conway:
KELLYANNE CONWAY, Trump
Senior Adviser: This
was standard operating
procedure for the campaign.
Let's focus on what didn't
happen in that meeting.
No information provided
that was meaningful.
No action taken.
Nothing.
JOHN YANG: The New York Times
first reported the June 2016
meeting between Donald Trump
Jr., then campaign chairman
Paul Manafort, Trump son-in-law
Jared Kushner, and Natalia
Veselnitskaya.
The president's son said he had
been told that Veselnitskaya
had damaging information
about Hillary Clinton, who
had clinched the Democratic
nomination just days before.
The meeting came as
some Republicans openly
talked of trying to deny
Mr. Trump their party's
nomination at the convention.
On Saturday, Donald Trump Jr.
described the session as a
short introductory meeting in
which U.S. adoptions of Russian
children were discussed.
But yesterday, faced with The
New York Times' reporting on
the purpose of the meeting, he
acknowledged he was told the
lawyer might have information
helpful to the campaign.
He said: "The woman
stated that she had
information that individuals
connected to Russia were
funding the Democratic
National Committee and
supporting Ms. Clinton.
Her statements were vague,
ambiguous and made no sense.
It quickly became clear that she
had no meaningful information."
In an off-camera White House
briefing, principal Deputy Press
Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
dismissed the controversy.
SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS, Deputy
White House Press Secretary:
Don Jr. took a very short
meeting from which there
was absolutely no follow-up.
Don Jr. didn't collude
with anybody to
influence the election.
JOHN YANG: Today, Donald
Trump Jr. said: "Obviously,
I'm the first person
on a campaign to ever
take a meeting to hear
info about an opponent Went
nowhere, but had to listen."
He also said he'd cooperate
with the Senate Intelligence
Committee's investigation of
Russian meddling
in the election.
In Moscow, a spokesman for
Russian President Vladimir Putin
said the Kremlin knew nothing
about the lawyer or the meeting.
All this comes amid continued
confusion over just what came
out of the president's meeting
with Putin last week
at the G20 summit.
Administration officials
had hailed the creation
of a joint cyber-security
unit to guard against
election hacking.
Republican Senator Lindsey
Graham called it a dumb idea.
SEN.
LINDSEY GRAHAM (R), South
Carolina: To forgive and forget
when it comes to Putin regarding
cyber-attacks is
to empower Putin.
And that's exactly
what he's doing.
JOHN YANG: Hours after Graham
spoke, the president appeared
to reverse course, saying that a
U.S.- Russian cyber-security
unit can't happen.
For the "PBS NewsHour,"
I'm John Yang.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And John will
be back with a closer look
at the Donald Trump Jr. story
right after the news summary.